# Amazon-Co-Purchasing-Network-Analysis-and-Prediction

## Group ID:201612-15 E6893_Big Data Analytics

## Team Member 
+ Ke Ma  (km3194@columbia.edu)
+ Xinwei Li (xl2601@columbia.edu)
+ Qi Chen (qc2217@columbia.edu)

## Introduction
+ The problem we would like to solve is to predict whether two items will be co-purchased given their basic information including product title, customer rating, and product category. Also we want to see how accurate the algorithms/models we employ can produce.

## Environments

+ Programming Language: Python
+ Software: Pyspark, Gephi
+ Operating System: OS X, Windows


### Code Explanation
+ [./code/]
  (https://github.com/Sapphirine/Amazon-Co-Purchasing-Network-Analysis-and-Prediction/tree/master/code)
+ The folder contains the source codes for data processing and modeling of Naive Bayes and Decision Tree. data_process.py is the code to read information including ASIN, title, category, and rating from amazon-meta.txt; then it calculates the title, category, and rating similarities for similar and non-similar pairs from data of different sizes. Finally, it writes the results into labeled data txt files which are readable in PySpark. naive_bayes.py and decision tree.py are the codes for the models we use to train and test the files we generate above.

### Labeled Dataset
+ [./dataset/]
  (https://github.com/Sapphirine/Amazon-Co-Purchasing-Network-Analysis-and-Prediction/tree/master/dataset)
+ The folder contains the labeled dataset generated by data_process.py. It consists of similar and non-simialr pairs of sizes 100, 200, 500, 1000, 10000, 25000 each. 
+ [./data_csv/]
  (https://github.com/Sapphirine/Amazon-Co-Purchasing-Network-Analysis-and-Prediction/tree/master/data_csv)
+ The folder contains the labeled dataset similar to dataset above except it specifies the corresponding pairs as the first column of the csv file.

### Graph
+ [./graph/]
  (https://github.com/Sapphirine/Amazon-Co-Purchasing-Network-Analysis-and-Prediction/tree/master/graph)
+ In this folder, we visualize our result in Gephi

### Our video
+ [Presentation Video] (https://youtu.be/PgkEn_R6jew)
